feat: Added documentation for skipping test deployments (#1796)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/specs-defs/includes/shared/shared/non-functional/SNFR2.md

```

{{% /expand %}}

##### Skipping Deployments (**SHOULD NOT**)

> Tests are part of the documentation and ensure thorough testing of the module and parameters. However, there are situation where an actual deployment can't be performed. One could be, that the deployment is too big (the Azure Resource Manager has a [limit of 4MB](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/best-practices) for a single deployment) or only one instance of a service can be deployed to a subscription. To still keep a test for reference and documentation, a file named `.e2eignore` can be placed inside a test folder to prevent the test case being deployed by the CI.

Reviewer: The 4 MB limiti should not be called out as an example for a section that's about skipping tests. If a file is too big, neither us nor anybody else could deploy it.

Reviewer: An alternative example are resources that cannot be deployed in subscriptions of specific types, or in specific tenants.

Author: Good feedback. Thanks. I adjusted the text.

> Tests are part of the documentation and ensure thorough testing of the module and parameters. However, there are situation where an actual deployment can't be performed. One could be, that the deployment is too big (the Azure Resource Manager has a [limit of 4MB](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/best-practices) for a single deployment) or only one instance of a service can be deployed to a subscription. To still keep a test for reference and documentation, a file named `.e2eignore` can be placed inside a test folder to prevent the test case being deployed by the CI.

Reviewer: The first sentene is a bit wacky. Do you mean the tests are part of the AVM documentation? Or that they're injected as usage examples into a module's readme?

> Tests are an important part ensuring a module is working as intended and part of the validation steps. However, there are situations where an actual deployment can't be performed. One could be that a service can only be deployed once in a tenant or subscription or need special registration (like certain AI models). To keep a test for reference and documentation, a file named `.e2eignore` can be placed inside a test folder to prevent the test case being deployed by the CI. A test that is not being executed as it is skipped, can be added to the module, because it will appear with its parameters in the module's documentation and improves the overall experience even when skipped.

Reviewer: Maybe we want to highlight the 'Note' using the corresponding syntax

{{% tabs title="Details for use in E2E tests" groupid="e2eignore" %}}
  {{% tab title="Bicep" %}}

You **MUST** add a note to the tests metadata description, which explains the excemption.

> If you should require the test to be skipped and add a `.e2eignore` file (e.g. \<module\>/tests/e2e/\<testname\>/.e2eignore) in a PR, it requires a member of the AVM Core Technical Bicep Team to approve. The content of the file is listed in the GitHub Action and helps to document and understand why a specific testcase is skipped from the deployment test. State the reason for skipping the deployment in the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require that a test is skipped and add an “.e2eignore” file (e.g. `\<module\>/tests/e2e/\<testname\>/.e2eignore`) to a pull request, a member of the AVM Core Technical Bicep Team must approve set pull request. The content of the file is logged the module's workflow runs and transparently communicates why the test case is skipped during the deployment validation stage. It iss hence important to specify the reason for skipping the deployment in this file.
```

Sample filecontent:

```text

> The test is skipped due to the maximum deployment template of 4MB, which this test exeecds.

Reviewer: Again, not a good example. Plus contains a typo 😉

```

{{% notice style="note" %}}
For resource modules, the 'defaults' and 'waf-aligned' tests can't be skipped.
{{% /notice %}}

  {{% /tab %}}

>   {{% tab title="Terraform" %}}

Reviewer: Terraform?

Author: Skipping a test can be done in both languages. Hence, I added this.

Reviewer: Ok, so the TF CI where also updated?

Author: They already have the feature

Reviewer: ah nice. Thanks for elaborating.

```

{{% /expand %}}

##### Skipping Deployments (**SHOULD NOT**)

Deployment tests are an important part of a module's validation and a staple of AVM's CI environment. However, there are situations where certain e2e-test-deployments cannot be performed against AVM's test environment (e.g., if a special configuration/registration (such as certain AI models) is required). For these cases, the CI offers the possibility to 'skip' specific test cases by placing a file named `.e2eignore` in their test folder.

{{% notice style="note" %}}
A skipped test case is still added to the 'Usage Examples' section of the module's readme and should be manually validated in regular intervals.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% tabs title="Details for use in E2E tests" groupid="e2eignore" %}}
  {{% tab title="Bicep" %}}

You **MUST** add a note to the tests metadata description, which explains the excemption.

> If you require that a test is skipped and add an “.e2eignore” file (e.g. `\<module\>/tests/e2e/\<testname\>/.e2eignore`) to a pull request, a member of the AVM Core Technical Bicep Team must approve set pull request. The content of the file is logged the module's workflow runs and transparently communicates why the test case is skipped during the deployment validation stage. It iss hence important to specify the reason for skipping the deployment in this file.

Reviewer: Hopefully the last one: If we call ot both Bicep & Terraform below, then I guess this text (if it is targeting both languages) should also not only refer to the "AVM Core Technical Bicep Team" right?
